hello movie fans and welcome back to
another full movie recap with movie
reveals
in today's video we're going to give you
a full play by play summary on the
extremely thought-provoking sci-fi
action movie called lucy if you like
movies with a twist then this one is
certainly for you
when a boyfriend tricks lucy scarlett
johansson into delivering a briefcase to
a supposed business contact the once
carefree student is abducted by thugs
who intend to turn her into a drug mule
she is surgically implanted with a
package containing a powerful chemical
but it leaks into her system giving her
superhuman abilities including
telekinesis and telepathy with her
former captors in pursuit lucy seeks out
a neurologist morgan freeman who she
hopes will be able to help her warning
this is a spoiler alert but at least you
will get to know what the movie is about
and whether you want to watch it or not
hope you enjoy
25-year old american lucy is studying in
taipei and is met outside a hotel by her
new boyfriend richard making up a story
he asks her for a favor and to deliver a
briefcase to someone in the hotel
he tells her to go to the hotel room of
mr jay and get him the briefcase she
asks him what's inside the briefcase to
which he tells her to stop being
paranoid
at this point it doesn't take much to
figure out that her new boyfriend is a
sleaze bucket and not to be trusted
basically he's tricking her into
becoming a drug mule for a south korean
drug lord and the contents of the
briefcase is four packets of cph.4 a
highly valuable synthetic drug
richard tells her he will be paid a
thousand dollars to deliver the
briefcase and offers to give her half
she says she is not interested in that
she wants to leave as lucy turns to go
richard handcuffs her wrist to the
briefcase handle
she is very angry and demands that he
remove it
as mr zhang is the only person with the
key she has no choice
richard gives her the money and she
walks to the hotel lobby
lucy informs the hotel front desk clerk
that she has arrived to see mr jang
lucy hesitantly informs him that richard
sent her when he asks her name
lucy returns her gaze to the window
where she sees richard encouraging her
mr jang insists on knowing her name says
the worker at the front desk
richard is shot dead as a gang of guys
approaches her from the elevator
terrified lucy is forced into the
elevator and taken up to mr james room
he meets lucy hands soaked in blood
blood splatters across his face and he
walks over to his desk sits down and
makes a phone call to a man who can
translate for lucy
clearly distraught she cries saying she
hasn't done anything wrong and has no
idea of what is going on
she explains that she does not know what
is in the briefcase and that richard
forced her to deliver it to him
jang writes down the number one four
zero on a piece of paper hands it to her
and leaves the room as his men follow
him
they equip themselves with firearms and
seat cover fearful that something awful
would happen the number according to the
translator is the code for opening the
briefcase she opens the briefcase and
describes the contents as four blue
crystal filled plastic bags
jane returns and pierces one of the
pouches with his knife he inserts a
straw into the powder his men then drag
in a junkie and force him to snort some
of the blue crystals the man immediately
convulses but then starts laughing jang
then shoots him in the head
jang then orders lucy to do a job for
him but when she refuses one of his men
hits her heart in the face
professor samuel norman in the meanwhile
delivers a presentation on his brain
capacity studies he talks about darwin's
theory of evolution and what would
happen if people could employ more than
10 percent of their mental capacity the
topic is extremely thought-provoking for
everyone listening
in the next scene lucy wakes up in a
hotel room with a bloody bandage on her
stomach then some of james men enter the
room throw some clothes and ask her to
get dressed quickly they then take her
to meet jay and she asks what they did
to her
that is when a british man known as the
limey enters the scene he explains that
she and three other men have each had a
bag of the cp h.4 inserted into their
stomachs and that they will be used as
drug mules they are each given passports
and air tickets and told that the drugs
will be removed when they arrive the
limey also warns them not to alert
anyone of what has happened
professor samuel norman continues his
presentation at the same time if the
environment is adverse he argues the
cell will always choose immortality and
relocate
it will however opt to stay and breed if
the habitat is favorable in the next
scene we see if jiang thug comes into
the room where lucy is being held
captive he puts his hand down the front
of her blouse and makes lewd comments
after knocking her to the floor he kicks
her repeatedly in the stomach
she is in chains and cannot escape lucy
notices her stomach is bleeding the
beating she took caused breaking the bag
and releasing a large quantity of the
drug into her system she begins to
convulse and frash across the room and
then strangely levitates to the wall and
then the ceiling until she falls back
down
back during the lecture the professor
discusses how people might influence
other humans and even matter if they
could use more than 40 percent of their
mental capacity then a student asks him
what would happen if people could access
100 percent after some deliberation he
answers that he has no idea we cut back
to lucy who opens her eyes which are now
bright blue and she sits back on the
chair
it would appear that the drug is given
her enhanced physical and mental
capabilities the thumb from earlier
returns and lucy smiles at him as she
spreads her legs seducing him
thinking he is in luck he puts his keys
and his gun on the table he moves
towards her leans over lucy grabs his
belt flips him over and then pulls the
table closer to grab his gun
framed herself she walks through the
building while shooting the other thugs
as they ate she notices she has been
shot but removes the bullet without any
pain
she eats the food before leaving
after walking through the building she
sees two taxi drivers outside she shoots
one in the leg and tells the other to
take her to hospital that is when lucy
realizes she has heightened senses as
she clearly hears people speaking
outside the taxi on arrival the hospital
she is able to read the signs as easily
as if they were in english she enters an
operating room where physicians are
doing a procedure lucy examines the
x-rays of the patient she kills a man
claiming that they couldn't save him
because the tumor in his spine had
spread too far
she forces the doctors at gunpoint to
remove the bag from her stomach
the doctor removes the pouch of drugs
from lucy's stomach she tells him the
bag contains cph4 the doctor is
surprised
telling her that this is something that
pregnant women produce six weeks into
their pregnancy as nutrients for the
fetus
she acquires increasingly enhanced
physical and mental capabilities such as
telepathy telekinesis mental time travel
and the ability not to feel pain
she also becomes ruthless and
emotionless
lucy returns to mr jang's hotel kills
his bodyguards assault him and
telepathically extracts the locations of
the three remaining drug mules from his
brain based on images of their passports
and playing tickets
lucy begins researching her condition
and contacts scientist daniel norman
whose research may be the key to saving
her
she approaches norman to request a
meeting after reading norman's
6734 page research on the human brain in
a couple of seconds
she appears on his television and
describes what she is going through now
that her brain capacity has increased to
lucy describes the changes in her mind
and body and says he is correct in his
theory as she is now able to control
other people and matter
she says it seems that all things that
make her human are fading away
the less human she feels the more
knowledge she has
after she tells him that she will be
dead in 24 hours she asks what she
should do
norman simply replies that she should
pass the knowledge onto others
lucy says she'll be at his door in 12
hours she watches a description of
herself on the television as the killer
of the patient she shot in the hospital
as she walks through the airport lucy
has the ability to quickly change her
appearance in order to escape being
identified
she calls a french policeman captain
pierre del rio to inform him of the
other drug mules an airport security dog
approaches her and backs away as she
looks into its eyes
as the mule arrives in berlin he is
apprehended by the police as are the
others in paris and rome
lucy resumes her brain studies after
boarding the plane
she is asked to switch off her computer
by the flight attendant without even
looking at the woman lucy orders a glass
of champagne and advises her to clean
her bleeding nose
lucy toasts to knowledge she has reached
40 brain capacity
she sees her tooth at the bottom of the
glass and then she costs three more
teeth into her hand
her skin starts to disintegrate
horrifying the passengers and flight
attendants
lucy runs to the bathroom where her
fingers begin to disintegrate her face
starts to melt she retrieves the rest of
the cph.4 from her bag and frantically
eats it
after the drug restores her back to
normal she passes out lucy awakens in a
hospital ward her brain working at 50
percent of its capability she
immediately sits up and gets dressed del
rio and his guys approach her as she
walks away the men fall asleep as she
moves her hands
lucy informs him that she requires his
undivided attention del rio assures her
that the other parcels are secure with
him she walks away after responding that
they would be safer in her care one of
jane's henchman jai arrives at the
hospital with more armed men to find the
other mules del rio looks apprehensively
at lucy as they sit in his police car
listening to the police radio
jang orders his men to find lucy after
being told that she has escaped with the
drugs lucy drives del rio at high speed
through the streets of paris
james men go to the hospital to remove
the drunk pouches from the mules
when lucy and del rio arrive at the
hospital the thugs are shooting their
way out to escape jabber trees the
pouches stepping over the dead bodies on
his way out to the passage
lucy is standing there with del rio
jai orders his men to kill her and to
get the pouch with her brain now
functioning at 60
she used her mind power to create an
invisible wall to prevent jay from
escaping with the briefcase full of
drugs
the men's weapons levitate to the
ceiling and lucy approaches them using
her powers of levitation on them as well
lucy snatches gia's briefcase and
immobilizes him she offers del rio the
briefcase and stuffs the last bag she
took from the mule's body inside it he
tells her that he is no longer useful to
her and she comes over to him and kisses
him telling him that he reminds her that
she is human when jane notices them
walking away he sends his henchmen to
pursue them
professor norman and his colleagues at
the university meet lucy and del rio and
he explains her superhuman powers with
them lucy is asked by one of the
instructors to demonstrate her talents
even though lucy has never seen the
doctor she grabs his shoulder and tells
him exactly how his daughter died
jai gives jae an update on lucy and jane
declares that he will murder her himself
jang and his men arrive at the
university
lucy is asked by a professor how she was
able to keep all of her dana safe at the
cellular level she uses her hand to
demonstrate how cells deform and
regenerate to find her jane's men
infiltrate the building and begin firing
lucy gives the cph4 to the professors to
synthesize it into liquid form she tells
professor norman that when she is at
full brain capacity she will build him a
computer so he can access all the
knowledge she has
all of this according to professor
norman may only bring turmoil and
instability to humanity
lucy informs him that it is ignorance
not knowledge that causes turmoil the
cops and del rio opened fire on james
men
her hands turn into a black gooey
material that spreads and attaches
themselves to the computers in the room
as her brain function climbs to 70
percent lucy is hunting for energy and
matter professor norman explains to his
colleagues the sludge quickly spreads
throughout the entire room
she manipulates matter wiping everything
in the room as her brain capacity climbs
to 80 percent
in white space the lecturers now stand
as everyone watches and all lucy
develops a next-generation computer her
mental ability has grown to 90 percent
jay fires a rocket launcher at the door
as james men are shot by the police
the explosion blows lucy to new york she
discovers that by moving her hands she
can travel back in time
lucy travels from early 20th century new
york to colonial times and then all the
way back to prehistoric times
jang is standing behind her aiming his
pistol at her head
she reverts to a single cell when her
brain achieves 100 capacity
jan shoots his gun at the empty chair
many times demanding to know where lucy
is del rio arrives and kills jang the
black dude in the room hands a flash
drive
to norman to assist him to complete his
research
del rio asks where lucy is a message
appears on his phone saying i am
everywhere
lucy's voice is then heard stating life
was given to us a billion years ago
now you know what to do with it the end
don't forget to subscribe and turn on
the notification bell if you want to
watch more videos like this
if you like this video don't forget to
comment thanks and see you in soon